Okay, from here,
we wanna do a couple of things.
We wanna say if the game state,
if we get to the end of that
array of questions that once we get
to the end of the question index,
that we wanna tell the UI state,
you either won or you lost.
And so
we're gonna pass that in as a string.
So let's go back to the store.
And we're just going to say, okay,
keep going until you can go no further.
But else, let's say let's check if
the state.score is greater than 0.
And we're gonna use another ternary here.
And then we're gonna set
the state of the UI,
uiState to 1 if it is greater,
or state.uiState = 'lost'.
There's one more thing I'm gonna do here.
I'm going to say Math.sign because I
have done this a few times, and I know
that JavaScript likes to coerce things and
it likes to do funny things with numbers.
In TypeScript, you would be
literally setting it to number and
making sure of that.
But a quick way of doing this
here is to say Math.sign.
And what that's gonna do is it's
gonna convert this to a solid number.
It's gonna take it, make sure it's
a number and convert it to a solid number.
So I definitely know that it's not like
0.00002 or something silly like that.
Okay, so now let's play again.
We've got our baker, we can go through,
and I'm gonna lose intentionally.
We're losing, we're losing,
we're losing, we're losing.
And then if I look in here, you can see
that uiState has now updated to lost.
So that's good.
There's one more thing we've gotta do and
then I'm gonna give you an exercise.
This is always the same.
If you're smart, you'll probably figure
out that that ordering actually matters.
And we wanna make sure that
that ordering does not matter.
We wanna shuffle all of
the things in that array.
So what we're gonna do is do this
in the component not in the store.
Because it's really something that needs
to be updated within this component here.
You might be tempted to use
a computer property here.
And you totally could because you could
use this dot characterChoices and
create a shuffle based off of this.
But what I've noticed in game logic
is that I use shuffle quite often.
And it might be better to be
able to pass in something.
So rather than using
a computed property for
this, I'm gonna use a method because I
wanna be able to pass in characterChoices.
So that someday maybe I wanna
shuffle something else,
I still have that parameter.
I can't pass in a parameter
with a computed property.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
make a method called shuffle.
And with shuffling an array,
you could do this really quick check,
that's like checking if it's above 0.5 or
not.
But that's not a perfect algorithm for
checking a shuffle.
There's a few different
like schools of thoughts
in computer programming about shuffles.
Lodash uses a really good shuffle.
Under the hood, it's called Fisher-Yates.
The type of shuffle that
Lodash uses is Fisher-Yates.
I use shuffle so
much when I make games that I actually
have a snippet created for it.
So I'm gonna go in here, I have all of
these snippets that I use pretty often.
I'm gonna collect my fisher-yates shuffle,
and I'm gonna paste it in here.
And instead of saying
function shuffle(array),
I'm gonna say shuffle(array).
I'm gonna return that array.
And now I can use this method, that's
the Fisher-Yates shuffle, for everything.
I don't have to load in Lodash.
It's kind of like too few lines
of code to load in Lodash.
I could just load in that method, but
it's also just four lines of code.
So, I have this shuffle(array), and
now I can, in my character choices, say,
shuffle and pass in characterChoices.
And now let's check it out.
Because the way that we can test this is,
if I answer with baker,
it should keep winning if
it's in the same position.
If I just keep on selecting the first one,
it should win if we're not shuffling.
So are we winning?
No, we're losing.
We're winning.
It's all over the place,
which is exactly what we want.
We want to be able to win and
lose and win and lose.
So currently, the state that
the application is in right now is
we are able to select our character.
We are able to move the needle
based on our score.
We're able to go through
all of the questions.
We're able to even find out if we win or
lose through this entire application.
So we did a lot.